# Final-Project-
This project is a classification task based on credit card transactions and whether they are considered fraudulent or not. It is essential that credit card companies keep track of whether a transaction is fraudulent so customers are not being charged for items they did not purchase. This dataset contains transactions from September 2013 by European cardholders. I pulled this dataset from Kaggle as it is something I have been looking at for years to do a project on, but never knew how. It consists of 284,807 rows, or transactions, and 31 columns, or features. The features are titles 'V1' ... 'V28' using PCA because of confidentiality, so we do not know what these features are, but they could include behavioral data, such as spending patterns, transaction times, and merchant types. The feature 'Time' refers to the nnumber of seconds elapsed between this transaction and the first transaction of the dataset. The feature 'Amount' refers to how much the transaction was in euros. Our response variable 'Class' refers to whether the transaction was percieved to be fraudulent(1) or not(0). This dataset was highly imbalanced with 99.83% classified as not fraudulent and 0.17% classified as fraud. It only contains numerical values because of the PCA transformation. 

Starting with Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA), we can load our dataset into the DataFrame 'creditcard' and display the first couple rows to understand the data's structure and contents. All of the variables are non-null meaning they all have information in their columns, and they are all floats, while 'Class' is an integer. We want to find the correlation of these variables, so we can use a sns heatmap to show us which variables are highly correlated with one another.  
